Charged Particle Discretization:
    Samples can be found in archive/disc_charged_n_pu.tar for one hundred events each for n=0, 5, 15. Samples were produced by using the charged particles from the hard scatter together with the discretized uncharged particles from the hard scatter and the pileup vertices. Clustering was run with size 1.0, no weight learning, no recombination (this might prove to be something of a sticking point for further discussion, because the antikt/CA jet multiplicity grows with NPV).
    For the most part there still remains what appears to be substantial degradation of jet locations and shapes, though we will need more quantitative studies to say anything more detailed here. I hope to run on the cluster a large sample using the event jet method in the next few days.

Event Jet with Discretization:
    This turned out to be pretty interesting. I had intended to run with the same settings as before, except that with pileup you have an interesting tendency for coaxial jets to be smeared out slightly as they get "stuck" on the noise of the pileup. This caused particles to have low likelihood to belong to any particular jet, and as a result almost all particles were getting cut.
    As a temporary way around this problem, I changed the pT threshold used to generate seeds for the model, using 5 GeV as usual for the zero pileup case, 15 GeV at mu=5, 25 GeV at mu=15. A much more stable solution to this problem would be to estimate the number of real jets in the event somehow, for instance using the charged particles from the hs vertex, as I believe trackjets have a very stable multiplicity spectrum as a function of pileup.
    Even so, I am concerned that this will not address the problem, because ultimately we wantt there to be more jets when there is higher pileup, so that the likelihood caught in these jets is not attributable to jets we will eventually associate with the hard scatter vertex. Another proposal is to choose the background likelihood in an unbiased way as a function of the amount of stuff in the event. A reasonable approach would be to find a value that does not cut too much hard scatter when mu=0, say L_0. Then scale this by event_pT/average_event_hs_pT, where the latter quantity can be computed simply by taking an average over some pseudo-representative Monte Carlo sample.
    Yet another way of resolving or ameriorating this problem might be to perform a final merging step (see the email to Ben dated November 17, 2014). In any case I will want to look at how these results differ if we are using jet recombination, though I'm not terribly optimistic that recombination will make the situation any prettier.

Grooming:
    I did a simple grooming test on radius 1.0 antikt jets where the jet is reclustered using Fuzzy Jets with seed locations given by 0.2 kt jets. Clustered jets with pT less than 30 percentile were cut along with all particles that belonged to them.
    The initial fuzzy jets were also made smaller at the start of the algorithm, with R=0.2 and sigma_x,y_start = 0.15^2. A remarkable amount of coaxiality still happens! Wow! This is really hard to fight.
